In this video, we want to do is come in
and add in the vet specialty in the
entity and associate that to the vet, so
I'm going to come over here and show you
that. Pet Clinic. We have the vet and
the vet has a specialty. The way this
is set up, the vet is going to have a set
of specialties. We need to create that
specialty object and it's not a very
complex object here, just has a specialty
extends out a name entity. I'm not going
to implement the named entity. It's just a
single property entity, so we'll just use
a plain old POJO for that. Let's go
ahead and implement this. We'll come over
here.
We're going to create a new POJO
called Specialty.
That's going to extend out our BaseEntity.
I'm going to just call that description.
I'm doing a command N. Implement getters
and setters. For the description and
the base ID, we already have getters and
setters for that. We can see that as
complaining that that is never used, so
that is okay. That class is never
used but now we're going to go ahead and
use it. Our vet doesn't have anything
right now. All we can say private set
Specialty, called
specialties, like so. Command N. Getters
and setters.
So now, our vet is going to have a set
of specialties on it, so we added in
getters and setters and that is that new
property. Let's come back over here to
our task. We're saying we want the vet
to have a specialty entity and associate
that with vet, so that completes that
task. Just as a recap,
pretty simple thing here, which is
setting in a set property of specialties.
As we progress in the course, we are
going to convert this over to JPA.
The way JPA works of course is to
have POJOs, Plain Old Java Objects which
exactly what we have here. We will be
enhancing those POJOs with JPA
annotations to set up the mapping via
Hibernate to H2 and MySQL databases. But
for now, we're just laying down the
groundwork. That was issue number 27.
Let's go ahead and close that out.
That closes that task.